I raised my ferritin from 18 to 56 in three months, no iron supplements taken, just food. I ate three things religiously. One of the things I ate was this yogurt bowl. I'm gonna make it with you and tell you about it. So this bowl is gonna give you roughly 35% of your iron needs daily in one serving. The whole point of this was to make sure I got my iron needs met by picking a few meals that, honestly, I wanted to be obsessed about. I wanna look forward to the food that I'm eating. I'm sick of taking supplements. I'm sick of choking them down. To me, supplements are adjacent to pharmaceuticals, and while they all have their place, don't get me wrong, but I personally wanna flip it and reverse it. I wanna see how far I can take it first without supplements. And I'm seeing how far I can move the needle before I add something else. Okay, here's how to make the yogurt bowl. Get your bowl, yogurt. Just make sure that your yogurt is dairy-free because dairy is going to inhibit the absorption of iron. I use the coconut yogurt. Black sesame paste or butter. Now, it's really important to make sure this does not have sugar in it. You also wanna make sure that your yogurt has no sugar in it because we're adding blackstrap molasses, so we don't wanna make this a sugar bomb. So black sesame is going to be our nutritional powerhouse. This is gonna give us magnesium, calcium, copper. It's got healthy fats in it. So you just wanna look for black sesame seeds as the ingredient. If you want the exact recipe ratios and brands, you can check out my sub stack. It's free. Next is blackstrap molasses. Make sure the blackstrap molasses is unsulfured and preferably organic. And if you're wondering, what the fuck is blackstrap molasses? It is a dark, thick syrup that is left behind for making cane sugar. Yes, technically it's sugar, but it's concentrated in vitamins and minerals. You get 170 milligrams of calcium per serving of blackstrap molasses. It's also got potassium, vitamin B, magnesium, and obviously the iron. You get 15% of your iron needs from blackstrap molasses alone. So that is, again, another nutritional powerhouse that we wanna have in here. Last thing, I'm adding a vitamin C rich fruit. Right now I just have dried cranberries, so that's what I'm adding to this. You can add kiwis, strawberries, raspberries, oranges. Black currants is like the highest vitamin C fruit, but this is intentional. Vitamin C basically helps your body absorb the iron better. And that's it. I pretty much ate this 5 to 7 days a week. I look forward to it like it's a dessert. I hope this helps somebody. Yes, it looks weird. It tastes delicious. And good luck.