I'm somebody who is extremely tired all the time. And I've been saying for the longest that I think something is wrong. I've gotten blood work done. Blood work came back fine. I did have like a vitamin D deficiency, so I've been taking vitamin D that was prescribed to me. It's like a really high dose. Even when I take that, I'm still tired 24-7. I'm talking like, I can go to sleep at any point of the day. Like, it doesn't matter. I can go to sleep at any time. I can go to bed at 10 p.m. and sleep until 10 a.m., and then by noon, I'm ready for a nap. So I'm like, something's wrong with me. Something ain't right. The only things I could really think that were affecting my sleep was that I'm getting older, but like, I'm in my early 30s. I shouldn't be this tired. Like, it's not like I'm 100. Also, I eat like shit, so I'm like, maybe it's because I eat like shit and I need to eat better and it'll give me more energy. But I've eaten clean. I'll stop eating trash foods for a little while and it makes zero difference. So I'm like, something's wrong. Something else is wrong. Well, I ordered these on Amazon. They're just sour magnesium gummies because magnesium is supposed to help you sleep. Um, apparently you get like a deep sleep and whatever. I don't know. I was willing to try anything. So I bought these. Last night was the best sleep of my life. I don't know if I was like in a deeper sleep than usual, or maybe I'm just like never getting into a deep sleep, like on my own. I don't know what it was, but it didn't make me sleepy. I took it and I felt normal and then I just went to sleep like normal. But when I woke up, I felt like I had just had the most restful sleep that I've ever had in my entire 33 years of life. I didn't wake up drowsy or groggy. When I tell you I usually wake up, I have five alarms, five alarms to wake up and even after the fifth one, or even sleeping an hour past the fifth one, I'm still extremely tired. Like I can go right back to sleep. This morning, I woke up like on the first try. Just rested, woke up. And then it's been a couple hours now. It's 11:30. I woke up at like 8, which also is not normal for me. I woke up on my own. Usually I will want a nap by now because I'm exhausted and tired, even though I've been up for two to three hours. I can take on the day right now. I don't know what. So in conclusion, it seems like my body's like not getting into like the deep sleep sector of sleeping. I don't know. I don't even know how to link a product on here because I've never done that. But I'm going to figure it out. If I don't figure it out, I'll put the name of it in the caption. I think this is going to change my life. I'm going to continue taking it. Hopefully it's safe to take every day. I think it is. But I'll keep you updated on whether I think it's continuing to work or if it was just like a one-off thing because I want to have energy. I want to live my life and not just be napping all the goddamn time. What am I, a cat?